pale blue marble dangling in the dark
Leeming Leviathan rotating the wrong way
tilted sideways adorned in delicate
rings so faint at first we fail to see
them world with shorter days than our
world has coldest planet rotating around
our Sun surface soaked with hydrogen and
helium Uranus next to you the sea god
neptune second of the two ice giants
unseeable with our extra eyes no solid
surface instead to cerulean whirlwind a
world of high winds and low liquids 14
nymph named moons keeping watch and then
the last or perhaps the first please how
you are a cacophony of contradiction
reclassified dwarf planet king of the
Kuiper belt responsive to others orbits
covered with craters and an over large
heart churning with nitrogen ice fainter
than the dimmer star we have to work to
see your surface mysterious trio hidden
out of easy sight science still know so
little about you and the greens and
blues and whites and blacks that swell
across your surfaces block from view by
statins huge heft u3 plus so much more
billions of kilometers into your
blackness deep into a dark so dark we
can only dream to know exactly how far
this darkness goes
you